QDS does not capture DDL by design (#9070)
MicrosoftDocs/sql-docs: docs/relational-databases/performance/monitoring-performance-by-using-the-query-store.md

> [!NOTE]  
> Query Store collects plans for DML Statements such as SELECT, INSERT, UPDATE, DELETE, MERGE, and BULK INSERT.
>

> > By design, Query Store does not collect plans for DDL Statements such as CREATE INDEX, etc. Still, it captures cumulative resource consumption by collecting plans for the underlying DML Statements. For example, DML Statements executed internally to populate a created index.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> By design, Query Store does not collect plans for DDL statements such as CREATE INDEX, etc. Query Store captures cumulative resource consumption by collecting plans for the underlying DML statements. For example, Query Store may display the SELECT and INSERT statements executed internally to populate a new index.
```
